= Hoptoad Server

This is a simple Redmine plugin that makes Redmine act like an Airbrake (http://airbrake.io/)
(formerly known as Hoptoad) server. All exceptions caught and sent by HoptoadNotifier or Airbrake
client libraries will create or update an issue in Redmine.

== Installation & Configuration

Just install the Plugin following the general Redmine plugin installation instructions at
http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins.

Then, go to Administration -> Settings -> Incoming emails in your Redmine and generate an API key.

Now, install Airbrake following the excellent instructions at
http://github.com/airbrake/airbrake.

The Redmine Hoptoad Server supports the older Hoptoad API (v1) as well as Hoptoad v2 / Airbrake.


When it comes to creating your config/initializers/airbrake.rb file, deviate from the standard and put in something like this:


  Airbrake.configure do |config|
    config.api_key = {:project => 'my_redmine_project_identifier', # the identifier you specified for your project in Redmine
                      :tracker => 'Bug',                           # the name of your Tracker of choice in Redmine
                      :api_key => 'my_redmine_api_key',            # the key you generated before in Redmine (NOT YOUR HOPTOAD API KEY!)
                      :category => 'Development',                  # the name of a ticket category (optional.)
                      :assigned_to => 'admin',                     # the login of a user the ticket should get assigned to by default (optional.)
                      :priority => 5,                              # the default priority (use a number, not a name. optional.)
                      :environment => 'staging',                   # application environment, gets prepended to the issue's subject and is stored as a custom issue field. useful to distinguish errors on a test system from those on the production system (optional).
                      :repository_root => '/some/path'             # this optional argument overrides the project wide repository root setting (see below).
                     }.to_yaml
    config.host = 'my_redmine_host.com'                            # the hostname your Redmine runs at
    config.port = 443                                              # the port your Redmine runs at
    config.secure = true                                           # sends data to your server via SSL (optional.)
  end

You're done. You can start receiving your Exceptions in Redmine!

=== More Configuration (please read on!)

After you received your first exception in Redmine, you will notice two new custom fields
in the project(s) you've received the exceptions for. Those are *Backtrace* *filter*
and *Repository* *root*.

==== Backtrace filter

If you'd like to (and we really recommend you do!) filter the backtraces that Notifier reports,
you can add comma separated strings to that field. Every line in a backtrace will be scanned
against those strings and matching lines *will* *be* *removed*. I usually set my filter
to "[GEM_ROOT]", but if you're using plugins which tend to clutter up your backtraces, you
might want to include those as well. Like this for example:
"[GEM_ROOT],[RAILS_ROOT]/vendor/plugins/newrelic_rpm".

==== Repository root

All Issues created will have a source link in their description which -- provided that you have
your source repository linked to your Redmine project -- leads you directly to the file and
line in your code that has caused the exception. Your repository structure most likely won't
match the structure of your deployed code, so you can add an additional repository root.
Just use "trunk" for a general SVN setup for instance.

You may use the :repository_root option in your application's airbrake.rb to override this
setting with a custom value. This is helful in case you have multiple applications in the same
repository reporting errors to the same Redmine project.

==== Dependencies

Safe YAML (https://github.com/dtao/safe_yaml).
For parsing Airbrake v2 requests the plugin also depends on Nokogiri.

Add to your Redmine's Gemfile.local:

    gem 'safe_yaml'
    gem 'nokogiri'

== License

MIT

== Author

Jan Schulz-Hofen, Planio GmbH (http://plan.io)
